hey guys sports media here with part 7
and today I'm going to be teaching us
how to move these platforms are left and
right and stuff so you can duplicate
this make second platform is going to be
moving up and down I guess so don't have
two platforms we're going to go into our
scripts i'm going to create a new
JavaScript call it platform and it's a
sort of a complicated script gets to do
with kindy functions so already found it
on unify do a min description okay
actually I bareback guys give me a
second all right back also they said I
have this nice script for you guys that
I found on ok our unified community it
pretty much just sets about how much x
steps the platform is moving with the
speed at how fast it's moving and we are
it moves sole of the right arm its
original position which is at the
beginning of the game it's an original
position and while it is moving the are
going to all transform the direction and
um
either left or right and then we want to
transform opposition to our original
position plus plus how much we want to
move so five steps or six that's the
right then the direction to removing in
either X or Y and then pretty much the
speed that we're moving at because this
is really confusing right here maths in
matheson and yeah so let's look a little
low while loop here so I'm going to
control ctrl s to save and we should
debug for errors now we're going to
attach it to a second platform and not
just not to confuse you guys I'm going
to scroll clear play or place on this
speed that way you actually understand
oh now that not feel like I'm in a needy
steps not speed steps that is my fault
that steps not speed any steps on your
move all right so we can move 5.5 and
now zette is this is Zed this is y this
is X now I want this guy Josh you move
up so we're going to set this at 20 in a
move or why why two or one now now as
you can see it's a little fast so in
just might as well just you know play
around with it
anyhow I want to play around the
character a little bit more because he's
a little bit laggy so I want to do is
I'm actually gonna make the height else
smaller sort off and radius also a
little smaller so it was trouble getting
onto the platforms like this and for
this room short episode that is it also
thank you guys and I'll see you in part